c:\users\linus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\DashingGame.exe
c:\users\linus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\DashingGame.pdb
c:\users\linus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.dll
c:\users\linus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.dll
c:\users\linus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.dll
c:\users\linus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.dll
c:\users\linus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.dll
c:\users\linus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.dll
c:\users\linus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.dll
c:\users\linus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.dll
c:\users\linus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.dll
c:\users\linus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.dll
c:\users\linus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\MonoGame.Framework.xml
c:\users\linus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.MediaFoundation.xml
c:\users\linus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.xml
c:\users\linus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XAudio2.xml
c:\users\linus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D11.xml
c:\users\linus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.DXGI.xml
c:\users\linus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct2D1.xml
c:\users\linus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.XInput.xml
c:\users\linus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.RawInput.xml
c:\users\linus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\SharpDX.Direct3D9.xml
c:\users\linus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\obj\x86\Debug\DashingGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\linus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\obj\x86\Debug\DashingGame.exe
c:\users\linus\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\obj\x86\Debug\DashingGame.pdb
C:\Users\Linus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\ball.png
C:\Users\Linus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\heart.png
C:\Users\Linus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\player.png
C:\Users\Linus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\snow.png
C:\Users\Linus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\wall.png
C:\Users\Linus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Exit.png
C:\Users\Linus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Bomb.png
C:\Users\Linus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Boom.png
C:\Users\Linus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\DefaultFont.xnb
C:\Users\Linus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Heart.wav
C:\Users\Linus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\Heart.xnb
C:\Users\Linus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\HeartSound.xnb
C:\Users\Linus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\BombExplodes.xnb
C:\Users\Linus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\LevelFinish.xnb
C:\Users\Linus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\BombExplodes.wav
C:\Users\Linus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\LevelFinish.wav
C:\Users\Linus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\SnowShuffeld.xnb
C:\Users\Linus\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\DashingGame\DashingGame\bin\Windows\Debug\Content\SnowShuffeld.wav
